##1. Change lane 
In the first step, I judge the surrounding vehicles based on the sensors fusion. According to the course introduction, in the road planning, the speed and total distance should be taken as the reference of the cost function. However, in this project the road conditions are relatively simple. So the basis for deceleration and turning in this project is to judge whether there is a vehicle in the vicinity too close.
More specifically, it is determined that the distance between ego and the vehicle in front of the same lane is less than thirty. If the distance is less than thirty, it is determined to be too close. At this time, I observe whether the left lane has a space to turn, if a vehicle in left lane is less than 25 from ego, the boolin variable left_disable is marked as true, otherwise, mardked as false. then I observe the right lane in the same way and mark right_disable;
If the left_disable or right_disable is false, I change the lane, otherwise, the ego should keep the current line. and slow down until I can change the lane.
##2. Fitting polynomial
According to the waypoint and the position of the vehicle, from the current position of the car to the distance 90 degrees ahead, select at least 5 pairs of coordinates from the waypoint, Then use the spline library to fit the polynomial of the vehicle's driving curve.
##3. path plan
Maintain a vector of a path plan of size 50. When the vector is less than 50, divide the current position of the car and the distance of about 30 equally into N segments to get the coordinate position of the x point, and then use the fitted polynomial obtained in the previous step to calculate The coordinate position of y, and finally using the coordinate conversion to get the new coordinate position to the vector. The coordinate in the vector is the ego will go next.
